add docs for mpp partition table support (#7971)
pingcap/docs: tiflash/use-tiflash.md

- [`tidb_broadcast_join_threshold_size`](/system-variables.md#tidb_broadcast_join_threshold_count-new-in-v50): The unit of the value is bytes. If the table size (in the unit of bytes) is less than the value of the variable, the Broadcast Hash Join algorithm is used. Otherwise, the Shuffled Hash Join algorithm is used.
- [`tidb_broadcast_join_threshold_count`](/system-variables.md#tidb_broadcast_join_threshold_count-new-in-v50): The unit of the value is rows. If the objects of the join operation belong to a subquery, the optimizer cannot estimate the size of the subquery result set, so the size is determined by the number of rows in the result set. If the estimated number of rows in the subquery is less than the value of this variable, the Broadcast Hash Join algorithm is used. Otherwise, the Shuffled Hash Join algorithm is used.

> ## Access partitioned tables in MPP mode

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Access partitioned tables in the MPP mode
```

> When TiDB accesses partitioned tables in [dynamic pruning mode](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/partitioned-table#dynamic-pruning-mode), queries on the partitioned tables are executed in the MPP mode.

Author: ```suggestion
To access partitioned tables in the MPP mode, you need to enable [dynamic pruning mode](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/partitioned-table#dynamic-pruning-mode) first.
```

> > **Note:**

Author: ```suggestion
> **Warning:**
```
